[FEATURE] Add command to generate self-signed certs in authelia binary. (#676)
authelia/authelia: docs/deployment/deployment-lite.md

Documentation for deploying a reverse proxy collaborating with Authelia is available
[here](./supported-proxies/index.md).

Please note that Authelia only works for websites served over HTTPS because the session cookie

> can only be transmitted over secure connections. Therefore, would you need to generate a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
can only be transmitted over secure connections. Therefore, you need to generate a
```

Author: I wanted to let the user know that she "can", not that she "should". What do you think about `Therefore, if you need to generate a...`.

Reviewer: Yep just `Therefore, if you need to`.

Author: Good.

> can only be transmitted over secure connections. Therefore, would you need to generate a

Author: ```suggestion
can only be transmitted over secure connections. Therefore, if you need to generate a
```

self-signed certificate for your setup, you can use the dedicated helper function provided

> by authelia binary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
by the authelia binary.
```

>     # Generate a certificate covering "example.com" for one year and stores it in /tmp/certs/ directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # Generate a certificate covering "example.com" for one year in the /tmp/certs/ directory.
```
